hi guys this is marianski with no defeat
energy calm I want to show you how to
cook a great breakfast if you want to
have lean physique you have to eat very
clean and eat the best stuff so what I'm
going to do today is an omelet with
avocado and cottage cheese what I'm
going to use this two eggs
I like organic cage-free jumbo eggs and
I'm going to use half a cup of 1%
cottage cheese so I'm going to get like
15 grams of protein from the eggs and 15
grams of protein from the cottage cheese
and I'm going to add the avocado to add
some very nice healthy healthy fats to
the omelet so I'm gonna start with some
extra virgin olive oil spray on the band
I'm going out Diggs
so you see how fast this this cooks
if you have a lid you can put a lid on
the pan this is going to preserve some
of the temperature and it's going to
cook a lot faster my suits cooking a
little bit faster on this side so I'm
going to move this side on the flame so
I think it's ready to flip I like to
flip my omelet so I know it's cooked
both sides very well
Hegel
so I think I get I can't have the
cottage cheese and avocado
okay so I'm gonna give it another minute
so the cottage cheese can melt inside
and I want to show you something else
I'm gonna combine this with a 1/2 cup of
oatmeal with some apples on it
and I'm going to put some cinnamon I
like my apples with cinnamon and if you
like cinnamon it's great because similan
is known to suppress appetite so that's
that thanks for watching